[Music]
there was a baseball game in the small
town
but a huge fireball appeared in the
distant sky all of a sudden there was
chaos all over the place
a long time before the monsters had
begun to slaughter this is an american
horror film the quiet place part two
lee came to a convenience store to buy
fruit this was the place where the whole
family started the first film
there was news on tv it seemed that a
city had been attacked
one day marcus took part in a baseball
game in the town
emmett lee's friend also came to watch
the radio was suddenly disturbed
on one side the dog also stirred up
looking up at the distant sky
a huge fireball suddenly appeared aware
that something might happen
people on the court scattered before
leaving lee was going to ask the police
what was going on
but the next second the monster suddenly
appeared and knocked the police car over
lee wanted to leave with his daughter in
a hurry but he couldn't ignite his car
at this time evelyn only saw chaos in
the street she didn't know what happened
she didn't realize the seriousness of
the matter until the monster suddenly
landed in front of the car
lee and his daughter hid in the
restaurant but someone's phone just rang
and led the monster in
at that time evelyn and her two sons hid
behind the police car
lee and his daughter also escaped from
the restaurant just as they were about
to be overtaken by the monster the
injured policeman raised his gun and the
gunfire turned the monster's attention
to him
with the police shouting the picture cut
back to the end of the first movie
at that time evelyn and regan just
killed three monsters nearby
at this point the plot of part two also
officially began
it was the 474th day of the monster
invasion and they all knew that if they
wanted to survive they had to find other
survivors
evelyn moved her baby in the oxygen tank
in the delivery room
regan refitted the loudspeaker in the
basement to be portable according to the
location marked by lee
she found signs of survivors not far
away so the three set foot on the
journey that day
it was the furthest they'd gone in more
than a year along the railway they soon
found an abandoned factory
evelyn walked carefully through the
barbed wire but she accidentally touched
the mechanism set by others
in an instant the whole string of
bottles made a clear sound
knowing the sound would lead the monster
here evelyn told her children to run
away
at this time not far away someone was
aiming at them with a shotgun
evelyn wanted to run as far as possible
but marcus who ran in the front
accidentally stepped on the trap
there was no way to run evelyn could
only put her hand over her son's mouth
they put the baby back in the wooden box
evelyn helped her son get out of the
trap
seeing that the monster had appeared
regan quickly turned on the speaker and
put the hearing aid next to the
microphone
the high frequency hal magnified several
times made it difficult for the monster
to move in an instant
its skull cracked evelyn took advantage
of this opportunity to blow the
monster's head
the fire gun would attract more monsters
so they had to run as quickly as
possible
then a mysterious man suddenly appeared
he took the initiative to guide them
after going through a huge factory
building the man led them into a
basement
there was a sealed cabin in the basement
the cabin was airtight so even if they
talked to each other inside
the monsters outside were totally
imperceptible at the same time because
of this every time the door closed the
man would use a timer to remind him to
open for ventilation
it turned out that this man was emmett a
friend of lee in the first scene
his son died on the first day of the
invasion his wife died of illness two
months ago
emmett told evelyn that many of the
survivors had changed their character
evelyn might not know but he'd seen it
sometimes he even felt that human beings
were not worth saving
marcus suddenly heard the song on the
radio the three of them were very
surprised but emmett said calmly the
song's name was on the other side of the
sea
it turned out that this song had been
playing for more than four months
regan doubted that her father searched
for signals every day but why he didn't
find it at that time
emmett told him that was because their
home was in a valley it was to receive a
signal in a valley
though their relationship was good now
resources were scarce emmett could only
tell him to leave as soon as possible
late at night when everyone was asleep
regan secretly woke marcus up and went
to talk in the airtight cabin
the airlock could be open from inside
because the towel could prevent the
doorbolt from being locked
regan guessed that the song on the radio
might have other meanings
the song was called on the other side of
the sea she suspected it might be a
signal
it turned out that she had found the
radio station playing the song through
the frequency band
the radio station was located on an
island in the nearby sea
she planned to follow the railway all
the way to the seaside as long as they
could find a boat they could go to the
island
at that time they could use the radio to
spread the roar of the hearing aid
the radio in everyone's hands would
become a powerful weapon against the
monsters
though her plan was perfect marcus
refused to take a risk
they all knew that their mom wouldn't
agree so the next morning regan secretly
carried weapons in the speaker with her
alone on her way to the seaside
waking up in the morning marcus saw a
note it turned out that his sister kept
him watching the radio station
waiting for the success of her plan
learning that regan went to the seaside
alone evelyn asked emmett to help her
find regan
regan saw a carriage on the road inside
laid many dead bodies
in the process she accidentally
disturbed the birds perched in the
carriage
there must have been a tragic experience
then she found a first aid kit in the
carriage
but as soon as she saw the monster she
stopped rummaging
it must have been because of the sound
of the birds just then seeing the
monster
regan opened the speaker in a hurry but
she had held the hearing aid in the
microphone with one hand
she could only shoot the monster with
the gun in her other hand as a result
the monster was only slightly injured
fortunately emmett arrived in time to
save her initially emmett was dragged by
evelyn to help her take regan back but
after listening to regan's plan
emmett was completely convinced so he
decided to go to the island with regan
emmett knew how to communicate with
regan though regan was deaf
she could speak like a normal person
emmett couldn't speak sign language but
regan could read lip language
on evelyn's side she found that she was
short of oxygen
so she decided to go back to town and
find some oxygen tanks
when she left the baby could only be
taken care of by marcus
as she passed through the iron bridge
she thought of her son who died here a
year ago evelyn knew that the past was
always to be put down
so before she left she left her ring
here it was getting dark
emmett and regan were looking for the
right boat at the dock marcus was bored
with looking after the baby so he
wandered around
when evelyn came to the town she also
found the medicine and oxygen she needed
then emmett found a little girl on the
dock he wanted to check on her but she
hooked a rope around his neck
at the end of the rope many bottles and
cans were tied together
just a little movement would make a
sound marcus found a mummy when he was
wondering
it must be emmett's sick wife but
because he wasn't prepared for this
scene he let out a scream of horror
emmett was afraid to move for fear of
making a noise at this time
many survivors appeared near the dock
but these people were not here to help
they not only plundered materials but
also tried to take regan away
what was taken was the hearing aid
realizing that things were getting out
of hand
emmett signaled regan to dive into the
water he seized the opportunity to take
down their leader
the crew hadn't responded yet the sound
of the cans and bottles led the monsters
to the dock
the crew was killed frantically emmett
jumped into the water after grabbing the
hearing aid
he also found out that the monster
couldn't swim and one of them drowned
because of chasing him
the other one jumped on the boat and
didn't dare move at this time regan who
jumped into the water first also found a
suitable boat
they went to the island overnight on the
other side marcus made a sound after
seeing the mummy
the monster followed the sound with his
injury he endured severe pain and took
the baby into the airtight cabin
but when he closed the door he forgot to
lock the bolt with a towel
he didn't realize it until he had
difficulty breathing and wanted to come
out
in desperation he could only take turns
with the baby to breathe in
as soon as evelyn returned she heard a
loud noise coming from the factory
she used gunfire to draw the monster
away from the capsule and then with the
help of oxygen tanks she set up a trap
but she had underestimated the monster
looking at the monster who was rising
from the fire evelyn was desperate
then she came to the basement under the
cover of the sound of water
she opened the door and finally her two
children were saved in the nick of time
it wasn't long before emmits and regan
landed on the island they were very
careful at first but they found that it
was peaceful here on the island
and just as regan guessed the song was a
signal of safety from the people on the
island to the outside world
it turned out that soon after the
monsters invaded the earth they were
found to be afraid of water
the government arranged for people to
take refuge on ships at first
people were suspicious and did not dare
to go aboard until they saw the first
boat leave safely the rest of them
started to compete to go aboard
as a result the noise attracted the
monsters there were 12 ships at the dock
that day but only the first two ships
left successfully
emmett told him the plan of regan to
save mankind she would use the radio
station on the island
broadcasting the high frequency wine of
the hearing aid after listening to the
plan the leader didn't eject
after daybreak emmett looked at the
portrait of his son he felt that there
was still hope
but then a strange sound came not far
away on closer inspection he found that
a broken ship had landed
and that was the ship the monster jumped
on last night the monster had come to
the island with the ship
emmett rushed to inform the residents of
the island when he found danger
but they didn't hear him yet the monster
had started to slaughter
the leader hid children in a closet then
he whistled to attract the monster
on the way to the radio station the
monster pested them but eventually it
was cut off in the middle
after arriving at the radio station the
leader worried that the monster would
turn back and hurt the residents
but the next second he was dragged away
by the monster emmett and regan couldn't
do anything to save him
on the other side evelyn found that
there was no movement outside through
the window
so she opened the cabin quietly the
monster followed regan and emmett into
the radio station
regan found the studio but when she went
in the sound of opening the door led the
monster to them
at the same time the monster on evelyn's
side suddenly killed a rifle
emmett wanted to help regan but he got
dragged to the ground
evelyn wanted to escape back to the
cabin but the door was damaged by the
monster
evelyn's leg was scratched at this
critical moment regan quickly turned on
the hearing aid
the monster immediately became very
resistant it did not get close to her
she turned on the radio when she pressed
the hearing aid against the microphone
the howling inside was immediately
spread out
the monster split in an instant on the
other side at regan's command
marcus had been watching the sound on
the radio at that time the earphone
suddenly came a harsh howl
at this moment marcus knew that regan's
plan had been successful
regan approached the monster step by
step while marcus also held the radio to
the monster
regan picked up an iron bar and marcus
slowly raised his pistol with the
gunfire the monsters in front of them
both fell down in an instant
regan protected emmett who had saved her
life marcus also protected his mother
and his little brother
though they did solve the current crisis
the battle between humans and monsters
had just begun
so that was an open ending of the movie
the quiet place part two